{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
	<!-- Every HTML file must have this tag to indicate that this file is an HTML file. -->\
	    <!-- Everything inside a tag, such as <body> blah blah </body>, gets wrapped into a "body" element. -->\
\
\
<head>\
	<!-- <head> is a tag (element) that contains meta data, aka data about data. -->\
\
  <meta charset="utf-8">\
  	<!-- Now your website is set with the utf-8 character set. -->\
\
  <title>Your Title Here</title>\
    <!-- Title of website that appears on tabs -->\
\
</head>\
\
<body>\
    <!-- fun begins now! -->\
    <!-- <body> is the tag (element) that contains the actual content of your website -->\
\
	<header>\
	    <!-- <header> is the tag (element) that contains introductory aids. -->\
\
		<h1 class = "title">Your Title Here</h1>\
		<!-- h1 means "header 1", which will turn your text into a big header. -->\
		<!-- h2 will be a medium sized header. -->\
		<!-- h3 will be a small header. -->\
\
		<!-- class = "title" means you are assigning your element a class. Helpful when we do CSS. -->\
\
\
		<nav>\
		<!-- <nav> contains navigation links. For example, a personal website would have a set of links such as Projects, Resume, Github account, etc. -->\
\
			<a href="#intro">Intro</a>\
			<!-- Add your own links here.-->\
		</nav>\
	</header>\
\
	<main>\
		<section id = "intro">\
		<!-- Section ID's lets you uniquely identify elements so you can set them as anchors. -->\
\
			<h2 class = "section-title">Intro</h2>\
			Your intro goes here.\
		</section>\
		<!-- Add your own new sections here.-->\
	</main>\
\
</body>\
\
</html>}